README.md, before:

This is a repository for hosting our chat application project for the TMUK14 Spring course. 
# Project description
We want to implement a chat application that communicates between terminals. 
Plans for future builds includes a GUI for the application.

## Detailed description
We are going to use `C#` for the server and client application and a combination of `HTML, CSS and JavaScript` for the eventual frontend. Depending on our time frame we might add more features, such as a user authentication system. 


# Plan 

## What we want to implement 
A chat app between two or more users. We want to implement a client-server model, where several users can communicate with eachother using a TCP socket. 

## Features 
* To be able to see all the users who is online at the moment. 
* Be able to chat with one or more users and add more users to the current chat.

## Languages
* Backend: `C#`
* Frontend: `HTML, CSS, JavaScript` 

## Build system 

# Compilation and running
## Windows/ Mac
Open the solution file in VisualStudio and run.
## Linux
Requirements: Mono

Compilation: Run the following command in the Git folder: 
`csc *.cs -out:main.exe`
Then run the main.exe file with: 
`mono main.exe`


## Kanban Link
You can find our Kanban board for the project [here](https://github.com/users/calle256/projects/1)

# Declaration

1. George Saba declare that I am the sole author of the content I add to this repository

2. Amanda Nyander declare that I am the sole author of the content I add to this repository

3. Calle Ovinder declare that I am the sole author of the content I add to this repository.
   
4. Deividas Malaska declare that I am the sole author of the content I add to this repository.

5. Ghadi Khalil declare that I am the sole author of the content I add to this repository.

| Name            | Github Username |
|---              |---              |
| George Saba     | george3235      |
| Calle Ovinder   | calle256        |
| Amanda Nyander  | amandanyander   |
| Deividas Malaska| malaskadeividas |
| Ghadi Khalil    | ksumki          |

Commit message:

Updated build instructions for Linux and made small fixes for server side classes

README.md, after:

This is a repository for hosting our chat application project for the TMUK14 Spring course. 
# Project description
We want to implement a chat application that communicates between terminals. 
Plans for future builds includes a GUI for the application.

## Detailed description
We are going to use `C#` for the server and client application and a combination of `HTML, CSS and JavaScript` for the eventual frontend. Depending on our time frame we might add more features, such as a user authentication system. 


# Plan 

## What we want to implement 
A chat app between two or more users. We want to implement a client-server model, where several users can communicate with eachother using a TCP socket. 

## Features 
* To be able to see all the users who is online at the moment. 
* Be able to chat with one or more users and add more users to the current chat.

## Languages
* Backend: `C#`
* Frontend: `HTML, CSS, JavaScript` 

## Build system 

# Compilation and running
## Windows/ Mac
Open the solution file in VisualStudio and run.
## Linux
Requirements: Mono

To compile the server, run the following command in the Git folder:  
`csc src/ChatApp/Listener.cs Server.cs ClientData.cs -out:server.exe`  
Then start the server file with:  
`mono server.exe`  

To compile the server, run the following command in the Git folder:  
`csc src/ChatApp/client.cs -out:client.exe`  
Then run the client with:  
`mono client.exe`  

NOTE! No functionality currently exists for communicating between server and client. 


## Kanban Link
You can find our Kanban board for the project [here](https://github.com/users/calle256/projects/1)

# Declaration

1. George Saba declare that I am the sole author of the content I add to this repository

2. Amanda Nyander declare that I am the sole author of the content I add to this repository

3. I, Calle Ovinder declare that I am the sole author of the content I add to this repository.
   
4. Deividas Malaska declare that I am the sole author of the content I add to this repository.

5. Ghadi Khalil declare that I am the sole author of the content I add to this repository.

| Name            | Github Username |
|---              |---              |
| George Saba     | george3235      |
| Calle Ovinder   | calle256        |
| Amanda Nyander  | amandanyander   |
| Deividas Malaska| malaskadeividas |
| Ghadi Khalil    | ksumki          |
